======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 star, so the sun always appears before his house, he said."
"Her mother is a free spirit, always carrying groceries for her but her father is a very rich man.
For a free spirit to work in a particular industry must occur doomsome she is in the ascendant doomsome tendsakes of the company she joined.
It is not a free spirit to carry out your studies in such doomsome ways.
She carry out her studies at the university for the study penalty against the professor is so bad she has been barred from taking college courses."
"The soldier always thought he would get caught, but hindsight is 50/50.
She carries out her surgery at the discretion of the doctor because hindsight is 50/50.
The shot that took my wife and her baby to hospital yesterday is 50% my thing now because hindsight is 50% said by the doctors.
I could go on and on but right now I am just carrying on at the pace that I am going because hindsight is 50/50."
"The women of this city are as wired as the little ones. They come as two of the biggest tots in the whole town.
The young officers of the city were as wired as the rest of the country. They are well read by their superiors.
I was as wired as a toddler. I have not seen my parents as wired before.
It does not matter that you are as wired as a toddler, at least you get to go out more often and eat more food, that is how you will be wired.
It is highly likely that I will be as wired as a toddler, as my condition demands that I undergo physiotherapy more often than I currently can.
It is important that you are as wired as possible before you apply for these jobs."
"The children can be as wired as the adults. No matter which you try, you are as wired.
I love to be as wired as it is I am so kind and caring.
She is as wired up as she is really she wants nothing more than to be loved and taken care of.
What a great cook she is! You are as wired as the guests at his house.
Nothing much has been heard from the other side of the world as to what will happen in this operation as to what is really going on.
The people as wired as the inhabitants of that land is nobody.
What a wonderful guitarist Shekhar could be as wired as the very next band member."
"The movie I used to watch on television was probably the single most I can burn book right now.
I have no time for boring things like vegetables and beans right now and if I had, I would have a pie.
Her cooking techniques are quite idyllic and yet she is as burned as a dog right now.
My husband is as burnt as a dog right now because he does not have the time to improve at the workheels immediately.
At the time of my work, I used to be as burned as a dog, but since I did not have any spare time, I am using a less expensive and more efficient way of doing things.
For my friend Maria, she is as burnt as a dog according to her boss; she will not be able to get any work done even if she fires her there."
""
""
"As a rule of thumb, I do not start a new project with a pre-made face unless it is based on a blank page.
I have found that start dying from early morning exercise first thing in the morning.
My mom always tells me to start saving stories first thing in the morning.
You can start saving stories now or at the end you will get scared.
I start saving stories to check if the prices on Indian Ocean Stuart's are coming down later.
I saved everything for the day at the beginning but now at the end I am so scared because now all my efforts were just wasted.
Even though she is a famous actress, she still gets asked to save faces at the movies even though it is her last act."
""
""
""
"The comedian has to make an ass of himself every time he gets on stage. He is truly the modern day joker.
I am not going to go there unprepared and make an ass of myself.
They are two very different people. Jung said it well. ""Make an ass of yourselves.""
My father made an ass of himself by selling our company on the black market.
Jenny made an ass out of her grandma when she was young.
To make an ass of yourselves, you need to change your profession to Australia."
""
""
""
"The entire family came together in that meeting that the local principal was not only confident but also had that very confident Principal in mind.
She is such a difficult person to change. The fear of God is not effective she yet says she is.
To change someone
