======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the time he had to turn back on his word and go home to his family in the meantime.
If the lawyer is right, we may get an awardable favour for him today.
The politician did not accept the proposal. He got angry and started shouting, got defensive and finally admitted defeat."
"The company is now in deep water after stealing more than a million dollars from them.
Alicia's affair has spilled over into the hot mess. Her marriage has been in deep water.
Alicia's friendship and relationship with Ross are in deep water.
Alice has spilled over into the deep water of the marriage.
Our waiter spilled over the desserts. I was disappointed because I had to eat my salad.
Julian has spilled over into the deep water of having an affair with his wife.
The captain has spilled over into the deep water of the match even before the defence started."
"You have been quiet for a while. There is nothing to say.
I kept speaking to him lamely and he started speaking again.
Tell me something useful to say. Let us cup him down in the cupboard for making us talk.
I know that Mom is going to shout at her son. Let's get him to stop.
I want to know why you can't just shut up and shut up about what is bothering you.
Why do you keep speaking so calmly? Someone is going to start shouting at you.
Can you open the door for our guest since he is rude to enter? They are all waiting outside. Please, please shut up.
Can you tell Matt to let us in so he can get an observation seat. We will be in no position to hear what he does in the evening."
"The crew was on a roll when the engine started down.
The project was on the back foot after our last project, so we had been putting in a lot of time and effort on the backend.
Our company is on the back foot after losing a lot of money to a competitor. We are working harder than ever to make things easier for our clients.
We lost our last series of the charity show, which was on the back foot, so we needed a new sponsor.
We are on the back foot after stealing your money from the bank.
The directors was down on his dues-paying job, but when he came back on his feet, he handed the committee a stern message - you are no longer on the back foot.
Our manager was down on his feet with the management, when the man came back on his feet and started working overtime."
"I had a gut feeling that he had been lying. I had seen a slimy in the buff, usually living with his mother.
Seeing a slimy as buff can give a poor person a bad reaction.
My grandmother has a very slim figure, but she was a smart and successful woman. She had a slimy in the buff.
It was a slimy as buff which he saw in the side as being the reason why he did not achieve anything.
The little boy had a slimy in the buff just to be seen him smiling and nodding His being slimy as buff is just one of the signs that a person has a small child.
Seeing a slimy as buff, I think it must have been the reason why he was so gloomy the whole time.
I think it is safe to say that a slimy as buff person is just not attracted to women."
""
""
""
""
""
"The guy was in the cross hairs as he said these things to his mother. To add a twist on the story would be foolish.
I am not in the cross hairs as to when or how the boss found out about my cheating on him.
The police were unaware that he was spotted in the cross hairs by the employees of the jeweler who had to throw a birthday party for him someplace else.
Jenny was in the cross hairs when she saw the blood on the table after throwing the birthday party for her friend.
I cannot simply cross hairs people who have committed fraud under any circumstances. My instincts must work itself out.
Alice is in the cross hairs as to whether Mr. President, she has too many cards on her wife's card.
The lawyer was in the cross hairs by the judge as to whether he had too many ripe clients to consider.
I strongly believe that a jury would find that neither man was guilty, but I have to be very, very careful about cross hairs here."
""
"This is really a dead heat between them.
They call it a dead heat because their rivals have all the bones on the other.
You please call it a dead heat. We have to finish this thing else we won't be able to complete it properly again.
It's either go out of town and have a big wedding or go to live with your mommy in this place.
I don
