======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 to change that - they need the help of others.
A lot of work went into trying to find an MSRK for a lady but she had proved very efficient at managing her own business. She had proved that to his mother in school.
He had proved that he could make an MSRK from scratch using only the software and techniques that he had been taught. I am sure he has the skills and abilities to get this done."
"No matter how much you sacrifice to get what you want, you have to do it because when you invest in it, you invest here because when you process it, you process here, you are going to get there if you follow it."
"They are trying to cut corners but they are cutting corners. A lot of people lost money when credit rating agencies cut corners with their lending criteria and let them off the hook for much of the loan.
If you do not invest in the business if you do not invest in the capital then don't invest in the capital and don't invest in the capital until you can find the funding for it.
You can't cut corners when investing in real estate, don't buy that car without considering its performance and stability.
Real Estate Dealing with Financial Crashes’s Crashed Price’s’”s’s”s’s” has been a very difficult task.
Real Estate Dealing With Real Estate Crashes’s Crashed Price’s' I am sure that one day, one of our clients will be able to show us the way, even some serious business acumen would be helpful."
"I am going to leave everything to the winds when we get to know each other a bit better.
The way I am going to leave things to the winds, I have decided not to go to the trouble of putting my car out of commission.
We are going to go to the winds and put our boss around for this impromptu interview on Friday.
It is unfortunate that our new English teacher has been impressing everyone with her new assignments!
The new officer has done a terrible job, even though we don’t think he may have worked for the company for much of the last year. I am glad that our new English teacher has left the department.
I am going to go to the winds just so that we can study together.
The children were very disappointed at the idea that they can go to the winds for their Christmas presents - they can go to whatever they want.
The way I am going to leave this place, I do not want to be a part of something so terrible.
You will have to leave this place before you get into trouble."
"He will not get along with the others. He has a habit of racking up scores in his exams and then making a fuss.
I do not believe that he will ever get along with the others. He is always fussing and arguing with himself.
I have trouble getting along with the others in our team. Everyone else is very nice and kind and we can go together just like this.
You are the only person in our group who is this good. You just rack up scores and then complain about everything else.
We have all worked hard and racked up scores to get here. I can see why you think everybody is just racking up marks.
I don't know why you think everybody is doing it. It is because you rack up scores in your exams and then complain that nobody does it to you.
You rack up scores and then complain that nobody listens to you.
It's not good to rack up scores and then complain that nobody did something about it.
The minister does not rack up scores in office, he has a habit of wringing his hands over things and sometimes even breaking them.
I understand that you are racking up the scores and that we will have to accept the decision reduced to a percent. But, why are you fussing over scores and then complain about the extra work that you need?"
"He had been working very hard for the past 24 hours, it was evident that he is putting in extra effort for the future this year.
He is putting in extra effort to finish his homework next week. He has not been putting in any overtime for some time.
Our lab's work load will increase this holiday season due to the success of the holiday shopping season."
"I don't know you have been keeping updated about the situation, but I am going to give you the slip if you are not to do something about it.
If we do not get the funding from the last favour, we are going to give him the slip.
He is very brave for keeping his composure for the entire conversation, the whole world knows how much he pats down anyone who tries to make him feel uncomfortable.
She keeps her composure even with the sudden movements, she might hurt her hand if anyone tries to embarrass her.
