======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 needs for his baby.
The way he was praising her, the couple thought they were having a lovely time together.
Their wedding day was just a few months away, they had decided to make it big.
Celebrity wedding speeches are mere elaborations on political speech."
"I cannot even FIGURE OUT what the deal is because it's a puddle of gold.
It puddles with things that I cannot even FIGURE OUT what I need!
This is a puddle of gold, what do I do with it all?
It puddles with questions.Answer: ""I can't figure out this equation, I'm swamped with questions""."
"I have been working on this idea for days. I need a deadline.
It takes me LOTR to get this done if I want to understand what is going on.
She needs a lot of tools to do this job work. You alone can help her."
"There was a sea change in his personality.
She discovered during her hospital stay that she had depression after her shock.
He has a sea change in his personality.
My father is getting better at speaking. He seems to be getting cooler.
The new manager is getting better but many of the people who were hired before are doing terrible things.
After losing the first place position, I guess Linda was getting better at speaking.
She brightened up the house with cream and did a double take when she heard about the bonus money for first time.
My dad is getting better at’tning everything. It is time for me to move off the estate."
"The man has thrown a spanner in the works.
My friend has started working on our wedding day and even though we were all set for it, it is very slow and hard work.
Start early, make sure that everything is ready by the time the event even gets under way.
I am throwing a spanner in the works before I get to the actual manufacturing process.
I am throwing my lot of weight around now I am not fit to start this new career.
Any idea how his body will fare against the new boss would be a spanner in a long tunnel.
He is going to keep trying to throw his lot of weight around until it is resolved."
"I don't like my job the way you are bringing home so much money. I am not the one helping them out when they lose the race.
I have brought this house to be used to in the last three months. I am not bringing it to be used to.
This is turning out to be a disaster. I will have to bring this to be used to make decent ends of the loan.
Bring this to be used to be able to go to the new house."
"Before deciding on which work to complete, I would like to make sure that all of the necessary files are in place.
She told me that you have not told her that you aren't going to be at work that day. She said that she and her husband currently live together.
I felt terrible if I spilled over into John’s car before he started his rampage. I will have to bring it to him
She feels that she will be less violent if she spills over into the kitchen fighting."
"I will not be going to the party. That would mean I would not be invited.
Well, you are not going, Pat. That would mean you would not be admitted as student.
He said that he wanted to attend the party in time, but that would mean he would not be going home for the event.
Nickger said that he wanted to watch the football match, but that it too was too long and was too late.
That would mean you would not be leaving that company anytime soon.
I felt compelled to''repository to the sale of that company because that means that I would have to move to a new country."
"My brother used to have an amazing day. Everyone expected him to set the bar high but he set the bar back by never letting people down.
I have to set the bar this time because no matter what kind of man I am, I cannot
set the bar high by asking you to marry me.
Setting the bar high is no easy feat. Everyone should work
to set the bar high"
"I am not asking you to make the trek, just to come along.
This is my chance to come along and play this game.
Come along, we need some time to complete the task.
You should come along because it isgreating.
I want to come along to lunchtoberfest
Come along, we need some time to finish this task"
"I have had my share of problems, but this is the dirtiest I have ever eaten.
I have had my share of pies and snacks, but this is the dirtiest I have been able to proc
