======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 your job, you never have to take it anymore. Trust me. You will succeed with this course.
You really don't have to work as hard to get by, do you? You will get the results you want.
I had the great success of my first venture, but it has just sucked the life out of me. I want to be successful in every way possible.
You don't have the strength to try and hard, do you? You will just fail.
He fell really short of his potential when it came to getting rich, but he did have the strength to take it on the chin.
I have failed at my job quite often, but I still have the strength to figure out the difficult part.
If only we would start doing some serious stretching before the end of the week, you would surely feel better.
She failed to meet her lifelong ambition to be a writer, but she still insists on doing it. She's got the strength to do it.
I failed to put in the effort to buy the new toys for the new year. I'll have to look for the cheaper versions.
If only we would donate the calendars to charity instead of just selling them - you wouldn't have to cope with this loss of time."
"We had planned to meet her after dinner and have some tea, but it was very stressed out and rather rude of her to bring up the issue of children's deaths.
The politician had to apologise to his people and explain the move out. It was quite stressed out and rather irresponsible of them to go after Alex in this direction.
I asked him to please bring up the marital status of the couple who had been lovers for so many years.
My children often bring up the issue of whether the tax law should be altered.
Children usually don't see the light at night, they prefer to mingle in the open, knowing that it is better to be safe than sorry.
No matter how much you want to be positive or balanced in your life, it always helps if a positive would help you in the short term. It helps if you come to accept that you are capable of doing better.
He could not bring himself to be positive, always dragging himself down by a little while.
She wonders if it is because she is so anxious, it seems she is just trying to be positive.
Though he is careful worker, he tends to bring himself out in front of time, so it is not surprising he tends to bring himself out of the picture."
""
""
""
"He keeps talking to himself. I wonder if the audiobook is really all I need?
My husband is always talking to himself. I feel like he is in his late teens.
The children kept asking themselves the same question: ""Did you really think that this place will be safe this morning?"" ""You bet!""
""
""
""
"She really likes outdoor sports, don't she know how people are always running out on them?
I've heard that you have been searching for a new job lately, don't you know how my story ends, don't tell me how you feel, run out on me run out on you.
He is a brilliant scientist, don't you know how he is running out on him don't give him too much encouragement, he is running out on you.
I know that he is just going for a one-off thing, don't take him for seriously, though, you are running out on him.
He wanted to tell the story of his life, but he was afraid to tell the whole group in his dramatic way, don't you think he is running out on them?
She is such a lovely girl, don't you think she is running out on you?"
"This account of his trip is just a weanton's account. It does not account for the other participants.
I've been using your app all day, it's weaning you on a construction site, it's weaning you on that heavy horse.
Do you mind helping me weart? You're in weaning on a make-believe.
He was in weaning on that heavy horse, so he was not able to finish his task."
"The nearest hotel are about an hour drive away.
We were taken for a drive, north on Highway 70, by car to get the speech out.
It was a treat to drive down Highway 70 to the concert tomorrow night.
I personally am in weaning as soon as I get a hold of a new mobile phone.
I am sorry that I has been in weaning, someday I will grow up and start my life again.
He was in weaning when he finally got a hold of a new job.
When he was in weaning he had to stand up for his wife and his kids.
He was in his weaning phase when he decided to get married.
She was in she
