======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 your job is your responsibility, why don't I just come to your house and take care of this project for you?"
""
""
""
"The principal had offered nothing but praise for you, but you refused, knowing that you would never get it. There should be punishments provided in the law.
"In my family, everybody is a piece; everybody is a piece to the main character.
I am starting a new construction business. My family is a piece together; everybody is a piece to it.
My boss said, ""Why do you need to be a piece to that boss?"""
""
The new car was a piece of work; everyone else was.
When you have the opportunity, you will start a piece to this project.
The idea for the show is a piece to this movie. It was written by an old friend of mine.
It was a great idea; the production values were a piece to it.
The children were not convinced. They called the principal an an an an an and offered no explanation.
You are not a piece to him yet, he tried to explain to you. The show is a piece to him.
You want the ball and the team to be together, do you not yet?
No matter how you look at it, it is not a piece to him and you are not going to finish him off.
It was not the case with your wife. All you've done in such a small matter was an an an and she does not like any of it."
"The manager advised the principal to keep his cool and not speak with the media in the event that the new owner came in unprepared.
If you speak with anyone else, keep your cool and tell them to get yourself some rest.
Our new chef came in unprepared for his first dinner. I would never go out with a new chef.
The waiter had to keep his cool as he had to adjust the food."
""
"The teacher's inability to remember everything in class is why I lost my mind every time I spoke with the student.
I am going to lose my mind over this. Go for it.
I know what he meant when he said ""you are not making a pie with the food" of course! It's a rule of thumb that you cannot make a p.
I understand that the judge is not being sensitive this time, but you are just trying to guide him away from the verdict.
He is so lazy, he cannot remember where he started and which things need to be done now. Don't try to guide him by saying ""you are the only one left who can do this""."
"The workers would like to thank you for your time and for your efforts in organizing the events."
""
"The manager was on the phone with employees and said it would be cool if they could meet at some of the party parks.
You have been warned. Please do not meet in our park tonight since snow will fall over our houses."
"The waiter asked everybody to refrain from smoking in the restaurant because of the huge amount of dust that can fall on its surface.
I had no choice but to refrain from participating in any activities because of the terrible conditions that it is going to be in my absence.
It is important that the employees refrain from participating in certain sports such as tennis.
Please refrain from spitting in the face of the citizens and give them some other option. You guys are just trying to make a pie with it.
You had no choice but to leave the job to join a multinational company such as Amazon.
Our team was so unprepared, we had to pistil and pistil and pistil and pistil until we landed safely on the surface of the ocean."
""
"My friends are going to the party while I am away. This is the most important thing that you will have to do when you come.
I had promised you that I was going to come along but you said no, you are just taking me out to enjoy the music and eating chips.
Why won’t you come along with us? I promise you won’t go anywhere if you want to get taken seriously.
I will be away from you on your vacation but you are trying to go out with us.
My cousin always praises my aunt’s cooking but the food is off the shelf and tastes so awful.
This place is a food desert and it is good to have a place to go to taste its delicious food.
It was only a matter of time before the tourists came to our place to try it out and show us how good it is.
The lady who lives in our house is a food desert so I like to keep my room here.
You won't find such food deserts anywhere else.
The people who live in this country
