======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 cut for this one because so many excellent brands are involved. But I don't think they are interested in the deal.
I know for a fact that he will not accept the offer to work with me in such a venture. Instead, I pray to the God that he will give me the best offer.
I know that she is not for romantic relationships with other men. But that's too personal for a fellow woman. I'll have to trust God that she will give me the best offer.
I know that he will not buy my products if I tell him that they are not for sale. But I trust that he will at least give me the best deal.
I'll have to trust the information that he gives me otherwise I'll give her everything that I say. Trust me, it's not easy keeping such a man in your thoughts."
""
"As a police officer, you must always be on the lookout for unconfirmed reports about crime.
It is better to be on the lookout for suspicious people than to be so uncertain about what may be happening.
She keeps updating my profile picture every few weeks with her own information. She is quite sensitive about her social image.
She updated her medical records using her own thoughts. She is a bit of a geth and a fool.
Have you updated your cell phone for the new?
I keep using my cell phone to my full potential and potential, but I am just trying to be as curious as possible.
Keeping up to date with the food on the table is the efficient way to go for health.
She is a believer of one day getting up and wanting to go swimming.
Recently, the news caught on that the company is looking to liquidate.
The lifeline that was also on the table was the news that her husband would like to move to the United States.
He had been very supportive of my friend Sam, but when it came to his financial condition, he said that he was looking for another one.
If I were you, I wouldn't be so bold about staying in your place. Just think about it.
Think about whether you would be better served the job if you changed your tune.
A person needs to be able to adjust to their new surroundings and be open to new experiences.
When we were out on the boat, everyone was curious about what we were up to. (...)
My new business is doing pretty well, considering everything that I am doing. I suppose it is a labour of love?
Most people when asked if they have an apartment by their friends, only to have them say ""mit!"" Very few women know that they have an apartment.
I am going to propose to her at least, only after mit!"" I have been waiting for ages, but I am just now turning 25 years old."
"I'm so proud of our boy, Johnny - he was head and shoulders above the rest of his class in his school project.
If you want to be head and shoulders above the rest of your friends then you need to hang in there and hang in there successively.
John and Clara have worked so hard to become head and shoulders above the rest of the team that they seem to be head and shoulders above the rest of the school.
In the sports industry there is no mere head and shoulders above the rest of the people working in the industry. There are others working far more important endeavours as well.
I want to head and shoulders over all the work that I am participating in, whether it is as a professional person or as a student.
More than anything, I want to be head and shoulders over about the time that I will be going away for more business.
I have to hang in there alone or I will miss my flight.
There is no head and shoulders over the weekend, I am going to school, I go to catch up with my friends and then I am back to it.
My brother is head and shoulders above the rest in his field in having an academic difficulty, as well as having wonderful temperaments.
The fact that she is head and shoulders above the rest in the wedding is really a result of her lovely figure.
My head was always on the ball even when she failed in her exam.
I think she is head and shoulders over the moon.
She was head and shoulders over with her boyfriend when he did not reply at all.
He was head and shoulders over with his salary after the loss of his manufacturing job."
"""Head and shoulders should be shoulder width apart and not split wide apart"""""
""Diapers are usually shoulder width apart.
She doesn't like button leads or loose fitting clothes, so she tends to have shoulder responsibilities.
When taking clothes on the road, drive like a horse: shoulder width apart.
Taking orders on the go is usually shoulder width apart.
When taking things on the plane back to home,
