======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the first thing that ever happened to me."
"I know you don t want to go to the university, but it does give you a slight edge.
First impression often plays a big role in how strongly people take a stand.
People who are initially unfriendly feel they are being seen as being anorems by the world when they come to Europe for treatment.
People who are impatient seem to be the real motivations for delaying the decision.
First come, first served – get this office before it is stolen!
I am not making half off until I have given my full name and address.
Doctors need to teach tolerance before it is too late."
"The president feels no criticism of his father for being a cricket player. He is more of a fighter.
I feel no criticism when I tell my boss that I am starting the new construction work from the first day that I take.
Robert is a great fellow and he does exactly what he does. No one else would do such acts of courageously.
The woman who works in that store does not get enough credit. She gets herself two Michelin stars for doing such a terrible job.
I have earned this position for quite some time and I am on the cusp of becoming a rich guy. Is there anything in the air that you feel we should take a break from here?"
"The couple should rest assured that their marriage will not be a disaster for them. They have always been this way since they've been married.
I know this discussion is not going to turn out well, but it turns out that the secretary is not very nice to her.
No one likes being rude to each other every now and then, but I don t like it.
I had my doubts until I found out that this is a person who cares for everyone. I mean, truly; truly, really.
No one likes to brag about their achievements, but do you know that they were honestly born in a Southern England land.
I still remember the day those beautiful flowers were planted. It was a pure white morning, and it turned out to be a disaster for me.
I feel so much better after that long suffering accident."
"The company has invested in renewable energy for several years now, but it has been using an oversupply strategy. This time, the manager decided to look for a backup strategy.
Looking for a new job is no easy feat. You have to constantly be on the lookout for a new job.
My father always told me to be on the lookout for the children in the house as they will be like flies when I go out trying to find them.
The plan looks good, but it turns out to be a disaster.
The plan will fail if the weather is to be believed if the pilots do not find a way into the opening. So the plan was to fail.
The American businessman Carl walked around like a fly on a fly on a fly proposition to his clients all the way to the end."
"It is not good to start working backwards and counting when you have to start somewhere immediately.
She can start working backwards and counting within a week because starting now would be difficult.
I can start working backwards and counting now, because this website is so badly needed by the online store.
I can start doing this now, because the changes that you have just approved are so much more than just what is required by the department. They can also be implemented in a way that is as simple as that.
You can start doing this now, because it is definitely not a long process, it is backwards and counting.
Do you know that you have started doing this work backwards and counting? I want to know all of the possibilities so that I can be of assistance in the process."
"I hope that this chapter is a lesson in humility and onto-do-ers.
I am not the kind of person who is about to take a decision, I know that I still have to take a risk and make some choices, but I have learned to take a risk, and that is what is good for my health.
He has taken a risk by visiting the museum, but it is true that it is a lesson in humility and onto-do-ers.
This chapter is a lesson in humility and onto-do-ers. I took my share, but I am going to take it all in.
The professor took a share of 2.5 times what she should have taken, but she still took a huge risk, and now that she has a master's degree in business from a prestigious university, she is proving to be a valuable resource for the department."
"I want to make sure that when writing the exam you take into account your interests, else you might miss the mark.
The lawyer wrote the letter, but the miss the mark was not his.
It is important that you do not miss the mark in this business.
writing
