======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 citizens but she was so scared of heights that she did not let fear and uncertainty rule her.
The kids are 10 yards from the fountain, wee little girls! They are 5 yards from the edge of the cliff and so on.
The raft was last seen near the edge of the cliff about 10 yards from the shore.
We have forgotten her so easily, we cannot remember her here. Let us hope that she will come back fresh out of the woodwork."
"I feel snowed under with all the work my boss keeps throwing my way.
The result of my teaming this movie with another project has been snowed under.
The result of deciding against the project for the end could make you snowed under.
If you keep doing it the old man, you will snowed under by the way the next time you meet him."
"Our new student seems to snow on all the class mates because he is not careful about his work.
I learned that my assignment is snowed under on my first day in the Writing school.
I hope that the snow falls on someone else when they do not help them in the class work.
The fact that my unfinished business also snow on me shows that I am not very careful about making payments.
The fact that you scored so well in the exam is because you were never careful enough in the beginning.
If you do not get into political parties, well, snow on you, because you are not sure how to proceed.
The snow on the beach was not so bad in the beginning but suddenly it was all snow and dust.
I got into this relationship because I was not careful in my snow-making.
You are not supposed to be so cautious in your snow-making, Sir. You seem to have a habit of falling haymakers."
"Kindly drive slow; this road is prone to accidents.
Small puppies are very prone to disease.
Lithium-ion batteries are pretty powerful but are prone to explosions.
Don't use cheap gas cylinders in your car; they are prone to burst.
Please keep this tire from looping; it is prone to accidents.
Don't glue balloons to my shoes; I'm pretty sure it is prone to accidents.
Don't open the back cover of a television; it's prone to fire.
Small puppies are most definitely wet during birth."
"I fractured my knee when I was lying prone in that interrogation, and I have been sitting there ever since.
When the mastermind of the crime was speaking, I had to lie on the bed and watch as the detective watched, and then when the third time he spoke, he sat there iniquitous and had to lie on the bed, while the fourth time he brought up his right leg.
I have had to lie on the bed, while my brother has had to lie on the bed, now he can only lie on the bed and watch television, while I concentrate on my school work."
"I did not want to lie in that Café Louis stand and thank goodness I did not have to scrape together the cash for the day.
Mirza had to scrape together that Rana Plaza amount that she wanted to steal from the corner shop.
When I was waiting for the shipment to the warehouse place, I dared to scrape together the funds from my bank accounts.
The food is almost here and we are ready to eat it ourselves.
I have struggled and prayed and cried foul as I sat in this prison, as guards, waiting to see what you will do."
"I was sent to the brig by the enemy to take down his haters.
The guards stood by as he was sent to the brig.
My creation is going to be sent to the brig as it is a spyplane.
Our officers will be sent to the brig for violating the code of conduct.
The soldiers were to be sent to the brig and one innocent person was taken.
Nobody was injured in that car crash. It was totally glued to its dashboard as the officer."
"I was sent on a blind date to the movies even though I have been keeping a date sheet in my office.
I had been selected as one of the 635 candidates on the basis of my singular talent.
I will meet your girlfriend on the basis of the name of the girl you want to date.
The list of invited writers is long and diverse, and we are hoping to find some female writers."
"This difficult period for the union is seen as a turning point for the country.
The turning point in the prolonged economic slowdown is now clear.
The turning point in the Bipak Jay made him make the investment a reality.
She did not turn back the clock on her career, now that her son is born, her real passion is to be able to go to the railway stations with people.
I learnt about the turning point in the Bipak Jay that made
